Add documentation for multi select and use of commas in allowed values (#1654)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/20_References/runtime-inputs.md

You can use Runtime Inputs for the Service in a CD stage's Service settings.

![](./static/runtime-inputs-06.png)

> ### Using allowed and default values in runtime inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using allowed values and default values in runtime inputs
```

> You can add allowed values and a default value for a runtime input. Default value should be present in the list of allowed values. 

Reviewer: Do customers know what are the allowed and default values? Do we have that listed somewhere?

Author: We have the option to add allowed and default values for almost all of the fields that can be runtime input. So I think customers would know about these.

> You can add allowed values and a default value for a runtime input. Default value should be present in the list of allowed values. 

Reviewer 2: I think this should be "You can *set* allowed values and a default value for a runtime input.

> You can add allowed values and a default value for a runtime input. Default value should be present in the list of allowed values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set allowed values and a default value for a runtime input. The default value should be present in the list of allowed values. 
```

Reviewer: I'm assuming that you can set all allowed values and one default value for a runtime input. If not then we should say ...set allowed values and default values..

For runtime inputs defined for pipeline, stage, and shell script variables, multi selection is allowed. 

> Multi Selection is currently behind the feature flag `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multiple selection functionality is currently behind the feature flag, `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`
```

> The multiple selection functionality is currently behind the feature flag, `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multiple selection functionality is currently behind the feature flag, `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`.
```

![](./static/runtime-inputs-11.png)

### Using commas in allowed and default values in runtime inputs

> Use of comma is supported in allowed values and default value. The string with comma needs to be wrapped within `\'   \'` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commas are supported in both allowed and default values. A string with comma must be wrapped within `\'   \'`. 
```

> For Eg: `<+input>.default(\'london,uk\').allowedValues(\'bengaluru,india\',\'newyork,usa\',\'london,uk\')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `<+input>.default(\'london,uk\').allowedValues(\'bengaluru,india\',\'newyork,usa\',\'london,uk\')`.
```
